---
title: Physical Education
permalink: /departments/physical-education/
description: ""
variant: markdown
---
<h3>Physical Education&nbsp; (PE)</h3><p>The purpose of physical education is to enable students to demonstrate individually and with others, the physical skills, practices and values to enjoy a lifetime of active, healthy living. The teaching of values is also integrated into the physical education curriculum. It seeks to consciously expose students to life situations, in authentic context, to facilitate perspective taking, relationship management and moral action.</p><p><strong><em>Our Vision:</em></strong>&nbsp;<br>To nurture our students as life-long advocates who are able to understand and in their own capacity enjoy physical health and fitness through a wide range of physical and non-physical activities.</p><p><strong><em>Our Mission:</em></strong>&nbsp;<br>We provide a vibrant learning environment to develop physically fit and healthy students, rooted in values, with the aptitude and attitude to learn, lead, serve and grow. We strongly believe&nbsp;that all our students should be given the opportunity to enjoy and experience physical and outdoor activities regardless of their talent or ability.</p><p><strong><em>Our Goal:</em></strong>&nbsp;<br>Every student will be able to understand an active lifestyle and are able to make healthy choices. Together with other school programmes, physical education contributes to the holistic education and the development of 21st Century Competencies to better prepare each Temasekian.</p><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Head of Department:</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Mr Muhammad Fadly</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><a href="mailto:Muhamad_fadly_mohd_ariff@schools.gov.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Muhamad_fadly_mohd_ariff@schools.gov.sg</a></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Members:</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Mdm Azlinah<br>(Assistant Year Head - Lower Pri)<br><br>Mr Muhammad Haziq<br>(Covering Subject Head - Student Management)<br><br>Ms Janane Elangkovan<br>(Covering Level Head - Physical Education/CCA)</p><p></p><p>Mr Muhammad Diyar</p><p></p><p></p><p>Ms Lim Si Qi</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><a href="mailto:Azlinah_abu_bakar@schools.gov.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Azlinah_abu_bakar@schools.gov.sg</a><br><br><br><br><a href="mailto:Muhammad_haziq_othman@schools.gov.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Muhammad_haziq_othman@schools.gov.sg</a><br></p><p></p><p></p><p><br><a href="mailto:Janane_elangkovan@schools.gov.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Janane_elangkovan@schools.gov.sg</a></p><p></p><p><br><br><a href="mailto:Muhammad_diyar_mustapa@schools.gov.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Muhammad_diyar_mustapa@schools.gov.sg</a></p><p><a href="mailto:Lim_Si_Qi@schools.gov.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Lim_Si_Qi@schools.gov.sg</a></p></td></tr></tbody></table><h4>PE Curriculum</h4><h5>Learning Areas</h5><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Level</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Learning Areas</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Primary 1 - 2</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Dance<br>Games and Sports (Fundamental Movement Skills)<br>Gymnastics<br>Outdoor Education<br>Physical Health &amp; Fitness</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Primary 3</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Athletics<br>Dance<br>Games and Sports (Fundamental Movement Skills)<br>Gymnastics<br>Outdoor Education<br>Physical Health &amp; Fitness</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Primary 4 - 6</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Athletics <br>Dance<br>Games and Sports<br>Gymnastics<br>Outdoor Education<br>Physical Health &amp; Fitness<br>NAPFA (P4 and P6 only)</p></td></tr></tbody></table><h4>Department Philosophy</h4><h5>SOAR - Sports&nbsp;Opportunities for&nbsp;Active lifestyle and physical&nbsp;Resilience</h5><p><strong><em>In Temasek Primary, everybody gets to play!</em></strong>&nbsp;Regardless of their ability or talent, we believe that every student has the right to enjoy the different sports and outdoor experiences that are available through our SOAR LLP Programme. Our SOAR LLP programme is a culmination&nbsp;of what the students had gone through in their PE syllabus for Sports and Games and Outdoor Education. Our PE teachers will ensure that all students will be equipped with the basic skills and knowledge required to participate in these activities.</p><p><strong>SOAR Objectives:</strong></p><p>1. To provide all our students with an opportunity to apply the skills and knowledge they have learned in PE lessons in the SOAR activities as well as to grow in strength of character through the experience. <br><br>2. To get our students to be confident of their own ability. Regardless of their talent or ability, we believe that every one of our students should be able to enjoy and experience sports and outdoor activities. <br><br>3. For our students to share their SOAR experience and encourage their family and friends to lead an active and healthy lifestyle together with them.</p><p>Our LLP activities for Temasekians are developmentally progressive in nature and catered to the different levels accordingly.</p><h4>Learning for Life Programme (LLP)</h4><h5>Track and Field Carnival (LLP)</h5><p>Track and Field Carnival provides a platform for students to showcase their athletic skills in different station such as throwing, jumping and sprinting which can be found in a Track and Field Competition. They are taught how to run, jump and throw in progressive and age appropriate-developmental level during their PE lessons. These acquired skills are put to the test so that students get to experience&nbsp;and apply their knowledge in a modified and healthy competition setting.</p><h5>Young Explorers (LLP)</h5><p>Young Explorers is a programme where the students use the knowledge they have learnt during the Outdoor Education module in their PE lessons. Students can look forward to apply navigational skills and good exploration habits in a pre-designed setting where it is applicable for them to impart their acquired knowledge.</p><h5>Sports Fiesta (LLP)</h5><p>Sports Fiesta is a level sport event where students will have the opportunity to put into application the skills , knowledge and concepts they had learnt during PE lessons in a modified competition setting. Values are also emphasized as students are encouraged to showcase sportsmanship. As the saying goes, 'Good players inspire themselves. Great Players inspire others'.</p><h5>Resilience Run (LLP)</h5><p>The Temasek Resilience Run was conceptualized with the aim of promoting healthy and active living as well as inculcating the value of resilience amongst our students. The vision was to have a day dedicated for everyone in Temasek Primary to take part in this. During this school sport event, students are introduced to a day of healthy living an exercises by participating in various activities such as the fun walk, running a 1.6km route, class bonding games, station-based games and class picnic to build their camaraderie. We believe that through this programme, our students will be able to understand the meaning of 'Healthy mind equals to healthy body'.</p>